Findings: Extensive comminuted fractures of all facial bones sparing the mandible with fracture lines through the pterygoid plates. Fracture lines through the sphenoid sinus, basisphenoid, clivus, right lesser and bilateral greater wing of the sphenoid radiating through the proximal and distal portions of the petrous carotid canal as well as the right jugular foramen. Distracted fracture of the planus sphenoidale with lateral displacement of the right anterior clinoid process, optic canal and likely right internal carotid artery Fractures through bilateral medial, lateral, superior, inferior orbital walls with intraorbital emphysema without evidence for extraocular muscle entrapment. The globes are intact. Comminuted fractures of the crista galli and fovea ethmoidalis. Lateral rotation of free floating superior-lateral portion of left orbital rim. Probable intraconal hematoma on the left and extraconal hematoma laterally on the left and medial on the right. Fracture line through the external auditory canal with hemotympanum. Fractures through bilateral lacrimal ducts with narrowing of the right side. The depressed and overriding fracture of the left zygoma. Fractures involving the frontal bone including the frontal sinuses, bilateral temporal and parietal bones. Distraction between the inner and outer tables of the left temporal bone. Mild distraction of the left frontoparietal fracture with depression of the pterion. Comminuted fractures of the ethmoid bones There is hyperattenuating material in all sinuses presumably blood. There is hyperattenuating material within the bilateral frontal and temporal lobe sulci and intraparenchymally particularly right medial temporal lobe as well as pneumocephalus. Hyperattenuating material centrally in the region of the right planum sphenoidale. There is hypoattenuation of the inferior frontal and anterior temporal lobes. Hyperattenuating material along the left cerebral convexity measuring 7 mm in greatest diameter with sulcal effacement and mass effect on left lateral ventricle. There is 3 mm of rightward midline shift without evidence for herniation. Hyperattenuating material along the anterior frontal lobes, within the right superior frontal lobe sulci, and along the tentorium. Narrowing of the basilar cisterns without frank transtentorial herniation. Extensive subcutaneous emphysema with bifrontal hematoma. No hydrocephalus. Impression: 1. Intraparenchymal hemorrhage within the anterior frontal and temporal lobes with hypoattenuation of the parenchyma consistent with hemorrhagic cerebral contusion. Thin right frontal and temporal mixed subdural and epidural hematoma. Subarachnoid hemorrhage within right superior frontal sulci. Subdural hematoma along left cerebral convexity and falx. Cerebral edema most significant of the left cerebrum with mild effacement of the left lateral ventricle producing 3 mm of rightward midline shift without frank herniation. 2. Extensive comminuted facial fractures fitting all types of LeFort fractures consistent with facial cranial dissociation. 3. Comminuted fractures of all sides of the orbits with bilateral extraconal emphysema, intraconal and lateral extraconal hematoma on the left, and medial extraconal hematoma on the right. No evidence for extraocular muscle entrapment. Globes appear intact. 4. Fractures through bilateral lateral ducts with narrowing of the right side. Fracture lines through cribiform plate. 5.. Extensive calvarial and basilar skull fractures with fracture lines extending through the proximal and distal portions of the right petrous carotid canal as well as right internal jugular foramen. This raises the possibility of carotid artery and internal jugular vein injury. 6. Diastatic fracture on the right at the planum sphenoidale with perisellar hematoma and lateral displacement of the anterior clinoid process, right ICA, as well as the optic canal raising the possibility of optic nerve damage. 7. Fracture through the right middle ear cavity making possibility of ossicular chain disruption.