Findings: New surgical changes of a small left parietal craniectomy and intraparenchymal hemorrhage evacuation. There are 2 vascular clips at the periphery of the left parietal lobe about the evacuation bed. Foci of air within the surgical bed, and moderate pneumocephalus located primarily anteriorly in the cranial vault with associated mass effect on the left greater than right frontal poles and left temporal pole. Residual intraparenchymal hemorrhage, significantly smaller than the preoperative exam; there is some mild surrounding edema and continued mass effect, though this is also improved from prior. Minimal protrusion of the brain into the craniectomy. Persistent midline shift, now measuring approximately 6 mm at the level of the foramen of Monro, previously 12 mm; decreased effacement of the basal cisterns without evidence of herniation. New right frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter with its tip near the septum pellucidum within the frontal horns ; there is a small amount of subarachnoid and tiny subdural hemorrhage associated with the catheter along the right frontal convexity. No hydrocephalus. No areas of acute ischemia. Possible small arachnoid cyst along the right temporal pole, unchanged. Stable appearance of prominent venous structures along the left cerebral convexity and extending toward the left sphenoparietal sinus, consistent with the patient's known AVM. The scout topogram reveals the presence of an endotracheal tube. Minimal polypoid mucosal thickening within the right maxillary sinus. The mastoid air cells appear clear. Impression: 1. New surgical changes of a small left parietal craniectomy for intra-axial hematoma evacuation related to an AVM, with 2 vascular clips about the evacuation bed. Moderate pneumocephalus exerting mass effect on the frontal poles, left greater than right. 2. The mass effect related to the hemorrhage has significantly decreased, with resolution of previous subfalcine and transtentorial herniation. Persistent left to right midline shift. 3. New right frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter tip near the left foramen of Monro. Stable ventricles without hydrocephalus.