Findings: Right to left projectile trajectory through the frontal lobe with extensive cerebral edema, parenchymal hemorrhage and scattered small metallic debris along the bullet tract. There is extra-axial subdural and epidural hematoma along the bilateral superior frontal lobes that crosses midline over the posterior frontal lobe. Additional multiple foci of subarachnoid hemorrhage with subdural hematoma along the falx and tentorium diffusely. Hemorrhagic extension into the lateral ventricles. There is a large amount of mass effect with approximately 4 cm of right left midline shift. Complete effacement of the basal cisterns with probable downward herniation. Additionally, extensive pneumocephalus within the cranium, subcutaneous soft tissues and extraconal orbits. Multiple comminuted fractures involving the frontal and parietal lobes and extensive bony fragments along the left frontal calvarium. There are fractures of the orbital roofs, crista galli and planum sphenoidale. Additionally multiple fractures of the temporal bones with resultant air-fluid levels in the maxillary sinuses and complete opacification of the frontal sinuses and ethmoid air cells, consistent with hemorrhage. Impression: 1. Projectile trajectory transversely through the frontal lobes with associated innumerable comminuted and displaced skull fractures with gaping wound along the left frontal calvarium and probable protrusion of brain matter and extensive parenchymal injury: a. Large bifrontal parenchymal hemorrhage resulting in significant mass effect with approximately 4 cm of right to left midline shift at the supraventricular level. b. Mixed extra-axial fluid collections along the bilateral frontal lobes superiorly with additional subdural hemorrhage along the falx and tentorium. c. Extensive cerebral edema with complete loss of appreciable sulci. d. Complete effacement of the basal cisterns and probable downward herniation. e. Innumerable comminuted fractures involving the face, temporal and parietal bones with destruction of the frontal and parts of the ethmoid sinuses. Additional fractures of the orbital roofs, crista galli and planum sphenoidale.