Findings: Small extra-axial fluid collection along the right convexity with moderate collection along the left convexity, both likely mixed density subdural hematoma. These are hypoattenuating with linear and rounded foci of internal hyperdensity, left greater than right. The left collection measures approximately 2.1 centimeters in maximum thickness. The right collection demonstrates a maximum thickness of approximately 1.1 centimeters. There is slight mass effect upon the right posterior frontal lobe. Moderate mass effect on the left frontal, temporal, and parietal lobes with partial effacement of the left lateral ventricle and suprasellar cistern. Approximately 6 mm of rightward midline shift at the level of the septum pellucidum. Gray-white differentiation is intact throughout both cerebral hemispheres. Vascular calcifications are noted in the carotid siphons. The bony calvarium and the bones of the skull base appear normal. Review of visualized dentition does not reveal] significant periapical dental disease. Air-fluid level in the right maxillary sinus. Diminutive appearance of the left maxillary sinus with inward bowing of the sinus walls and diffuse opacification of the sinus. There is asymmetric enlargement of the floor of the left orbit. Constellation of findings may suggest a silent sinus syndrome. 1.5 by 1 centimeter cyst in the left maxilla, likely of odontogenic origin. Mild mucosal thickening in the ethmoid air cells and frontal sinuses. The sphenoid sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear. Impression: 1. Bilateral mixed density subdural hemorrhages, left greater than right. The left collection demonstrates significant mass effect on the left hemisphere with approximately 6 mm of rightward midline shift. The collections are predominantly hypoattenuating with minimal internal hyperdensity suggestive of acute on chronic process. Partial effacement of the left lateral ventricle with early left trans uncal herniation. 2. Diminutive opacified left maxillary sinus suggestive of silent sinus syndrome.
