Findings: Large left-sided mixed density acute subdural hematoma measuring approximately 2 cm in thickness. Associated subarachnoid hemorrhage. This is associated with a curvilinear skull fracture over the calvarium extending from the right of the vertex over the left frontal bone. Small foci of air tracking along the inside of the calvarium, likely related to fracture. Rightward midline shift of 1.7 cm with partial effacement of the left lateral ventricle and entrapment of the right lateral ventricle. There is an old infarct over the right frontal lobe. There is significant uncal and subfalcine rightward herniation. Hemorrhage extends into the posterior left lateral ventricle and into the fourth ventricle. Also noted is scattered subarachnoid hemorrhage of the right cerebral convexity with associated small right sided subdural hematoma. This subdural hematoma has maximum thickness in the right middle crania fossa. There is extensive pneumocephalus. Suspicion for a small hemorrhage in the posterior aspect of the midbrain/pons, suspicious for small brainstem hemorrhage. There is diffuse effacement of the basilar cisterns. Burr hole over the vertex as well as over the right posterior frontal bone. Evidence of a fracture involving the greater wing of the sphenoid bone on the right fracture involves the greater wing of the sphenoid bone at the level of the right superior orbital fissure and lateral wall of the sphenoid sinus. There is linear fracture through the septum of the sphenoid sinus with fracture extending out through the posterior lateral wall of the left sphenoid locule in the vicinity of the left carotid canal. Extensive carotid calcifications. Small air-fluid level within a pneumatized anterior clinoid. The fracture line is also seen in the posterior wall of the sphenoid sinus extending into the sella. Tiny fracture involves the right lamina papyracea. A transversely oriented lucencies demonstrated across the left frontal and anterior right parietal bone, of uncertain age. Could be related to previous trauma. There is also an old anterior midline frontal bone fracture. Air-fluid level in the right frontal sinus. Almost complete opacification of the sphenoid sinuses and posterior right ethmoid air cells. Mastoid air cells are clear. Large scalp hematoma. Impression: Large acute left subdural hemorrhage with significant midline shift as well as hemorrhage into the ventricles associated with skull fracture. There is also bilateral subarachnoid hemorrhage as well as a smaller right frontotemporal subdural hematoma. Diffuse pneumocephalus. Possible small parenchymal hemorrhage in the midbrain/pons possibly Duret hemorrhage. Skull base fracture with involvement of the right sphenoid bone and sphenoid sinuses. Additional fracture through the left frontal and right anterior parietal region of uncertain age. Chronic right anterior frontal midline fracture.