Findings: Intubation. Left parietal scalp hematoma.. Subarachnoid hemorrhage in the bilateral frontoparietal region, bilateral posterior parasagittal distribution, right more than left and along falx cerebelli. Additional foci of subarachnoid hemorrhage along the bilateral temporal regions, right more than left sylvian fissures. Subependymal hemorrhage along the ventricular septum with layering blood in the occipital horns of the lateral ventricles, right worse than left. Small amount of extra-axial blood in the perimesencephalic cistern on the right best seen on axial image 25 of series 201. Small amount of hyperdense blood along the interhemispheric fissure. Calcifications of the choroid plexus. Moderate parenchymal volume loss. Confluent periventricular deep white matter low-attenuation with additional patchy areas in the subcortical white matter, breasts particularly in the left frontoparietal region consistent with extensive chronic small vessel ischemic disease. Possible superimposed small cortical/subcortical infarct in the left posterior frontal lobe. Ventriculomegaly, likely related to central volume loss although early hydrocephalus cannot be excluded. There is no significant mass effect or midline shift. Gray-white differentiation is otherwise intact throughout both cerebral hemispheres. Extensive calcification of the internal cranial carotid artery. Review of the midline structures demonstrates a large sellar/suprasellar mass lesion with faint calcification along the superolateral aspect of the mass on the left. There is mild mass effect on the optic chiasm. The infundibulum is displaced. This mass may represent a large macroadenoma however a craniopharyngioma is in the differential diagnosis. The bony calvarium and the bones of the skull base appear normal suggestion of hyperdense fluid in the nasal cavity which may represent hemorrhage. Chronic mucosal thickening in the frontal, ethmoid and maxillary sinuses.. Review of visualized dentition does not significant periapical dental disease. The mastoid air cells are clear. Left parietal scalp hematoma. Impression: 1. Subarachnoid hemorrhage in the bilateral frontal parietal region, bilateral posterior parasagittal distribution, right more than left and along falx cerebelli. Additional foci of subarachnoid hemorrhage along the bilateral temporal regions, right more than left sylvian fissures. Subependymal hemorrhage along the intraventricular septum with layering intraventricular blood in the bilateral occipital horns. 2. Extensive white matter changes of chronic small vessel ischemic disease with ventriculomegaly, likely secondary to central volume loss. 3. Incidental large pituitary mass exerting mass effect on the optic chiasm, possible macroadenoma versus craniopharyngioma. 4. Mucosal thickening involving the ethmoid sinuses, left maxillary sinus and left sphenoid locules, likely secondary to intubation. 5. Extensive calcifications of the bilateral intracranial carotid arteries.