Findings: Diffuse reversal of the gray-white matter differentiation of the cerebral hemispheres as well as the majority of the bilateral basal ganglia with some patchy areas of hypoattenuation in the bilateral thalamus, midbrain, and right pons. There also appears to be loss of the gray-white matter differentiation within the cerebellar hemispheres. New surgical changes of a large left frontotemporoparietal craniectomy for subdural hematoma evacuation. Surgical drains are present along the cerebral convexity which protrudes through the craniectomy defect. There are a few foci of possible intraparenchymal hemorrhage within the left frontal lobe, which protrudes through the craniectomy defect. There are a few foci of pneumocephalus and a small amount of residual subdural hematoma along the left convexity as well as the anterior and posterior falx in the right greater than left tentorium. Scattered subarachnoid blood, including the left sylvian cistern and fissure and in the prepontine and premedullary cisterns. There is some hemorrhage within the fourth ventricle and third ventricle. There is a new left frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter with its tip abutting the septum pellucidum in the anterior body/frontal horn; there are a few adjacent linear foci of hyperdensity in the left cerebrum which likely were called correspond to additional unsuccessful ventriculostomy catheter placement attempts. No hydrocephalus. Mild scattered inflammatory changes in the paranasal sinuses. The mastoid air cells are clear. Atherosclerotic calcification of the carotid siphons. Endotracheal tube, oroenteric tube, and transnasal feeding tube are present. Impression: 1. Significant hypoxic-ischemic injury involving the majority of the bilateral cerebral hemispheres, the basal ganglia as well as probable involvement of the cerebellar hemispheres. There are some additional areas of probable ischemia involving the left thalamus and patchy areas of the brainstem, which may represent superimposed ischemia related to penetrating artery infarcts from prior herniation. 2. The basal cisterns remain significantly effaced with some mass effect about the brainstem, suggestive of some possible transtentorial herniation. 3. New changes of a left-sided subdural evacuation, decompressive craniectomy, and placement of a ventriculostomy catheter with its tip in the anterior left lateral ventricle. Small amount of subdural hemorrhage along the cerebral falx and bilateral tentorium as well as the left cerebral convexity. Small amount of scattered subarachnoid hemorrhage. No hydrocephalus.