Findings: Extensive intraventricular hemorrhage centered in the third ventricle with massive expansion of the third ventricle; the hemorrhage also mildly expands the cerebral aqueduct and extends into the fourth ventricle and into the foramina Luschka and foramen of Magendie; there is some additional clot within the anterior lateral ventricles as well as some layering hemorrhage in the occipital horns. There is acute obstructive hydrocephalus with evidence of periventricular edema, best appreciated about the occipital and lateral temporal horns; the basal cisterns are effaced and there is mild mass effect upon the rostral brainstem, though there is no evidence of herniation. There is a small amount of associated intraparenchymal hemorrhage within the thalami and possibly within the rostral brainstem. No convincing abnormal vascular structures on this unenhanced CT to suggest an underlying vascular lesion. There appears to be some flattening of the posterior margins of the globes. The gray-white matter differentiation appears grossly preserved throughout both cerebral hemispheres. Patchy periventricular and subcortical white matter foci of hypoattenuation are nonspecific but may represent chronic small vessel ischemic changes. No significant external soft tissue swelling. The calvaria and bones of the skull base are intact. Scattered mucosal thickening in the paranasal sinuses is nonspecific in the setting of intubation and the presence of an enteric tube. Mild debris in the right external auditory canal. Mild opacification of some left mastoid air cells with some associated sclerosis, presumably chronic mastoiditis. The orbits are unremarkable. The maxilla is edentulous. Atherosclerotic calcification of the carotid siphons. Impression: Extensive intraventricular hemorrhage centered about the third ventricle with associated obstructive hydrocephalus and periventricular edema ; this may represent intraventricular extension of intraparenchymal hemorrhage as there is a small amount of intraparenchymal hemorrhage within the thalami and rostral brainstem. The hemorrhage distends the third ventricle and exerts mass effect upon the rostral brainstem; the basal cisterns are partially effaced. No herniation.