Findings: Intraparenchymal hemorrhage in the left parietal, temporal, and occipital lobes with extension into the superior vermian cistern; there may also be some extension peripherally to the subarachnoid spaces over the left parietal convexity. Mild to moderate associated vasogenic edema in the parietal and occipital lobes. There is a left subdural fluid collection with a fluid fluid level series 201 and image 47. There is diffuse hyperdensity along the cerebral falx; it is uncertain if this could represent subarachnoid hemorrhage or tiny subdural hemorrhage; there is also some hyperdensity within some sulci about the anterior interhemispheric fissure. There may be some subarachnoid hemorrhage within the suprasellar cistern. Significant mass effect with 1.6 cm of left to right midline shift at the expected level of the foramen of Monro. There is subfalcine and downward transtentorial herniation (particularly posteriorly, involving the posterior medial temporal lobes and parasagittal parietal lobe). No cerebellar tonsillar herniation. The basal cisterns are completely effaced. Significant mass effect upon the cerebral aqueduct, third ventricle, and atrium and occipital horns of the left lateral ventricle with dilation of the right temporal and occipital horns, concerning for entrapment; there may be some associated edema/transependymal flow, about the occipital horn. The cerebral sulci are diffusely effaced. The gray-white matter differentiation appears grossly preserved except for within the posterior left occipital lobe, though this could be the combination of technique and subjacent vasogenic edema. The calvaria and bones of the skull base appear intact. Mucous retention cyst within the right maxillary sinus; minimal mucosal thickening in some scattered anterior bilateral ethmoid air cells. The mastoid air cells appear clear. The orbits appear grossly unremarkable. The scout topogram is reviewed and are noncontributory. Impression: 1. Large intraparenchymal hemorrhage within the left parietal, occipital, and temporal lobes, with some associated vasogenic edema in the left parietal and occipital lobes. There is supratentorial and infratentorial subarachnoid hemorrhage as well as a subdural hemorrhage along the left cerebral convexity which contains a fluid-fluid level. 2. Mass effect from the hemorrhage(s) results in 1.6 cm left to right midline shift and subfalcine and transtentorial herniation. 3. Mass effect upon portions of the left lateral ventricle as well as the third ventricle and cerebral aqueduct with dilation of the right temporal and occipital horns, concerning for entrapment; there is suggestion of some subtle hypodensity about the occipital horn, concerning for transependymal flow/edema.