Findings: New changes of a large left craniectomy and clipping of the left MCA bifurcation aneurysm. Decreased size of the intraparenchymal hematoma, largest confluent area now measuring up to approximately 3.8 cm (series 205, image 23) previously measuring at least 5.9 cm in a similar location. Resolution of the previous left to right midline shift and improved effacement of the left lateral ventricle; the brain parenchyma mildly protrudes through the craniectomy, though the previous subfalcine herniation has resolved; there is still some fullness of the left uncus. Small mixed density extra-axial fluid and air collection overlying the parenchyma at the craniectomy defect. There is mild herniation of the edematous left cerebrum through the craniotomy defect. Stable position of the right external ventricular drain, which courses through the left lateral ventricle, with its tip near the left lateral wall of the ventricle body, or within the caudate nucleus. Small amount of hemorrhage along the catheter tract. No evidence of hydrocephalus. New small amount of hemorrhage layering in the dependent lateral ventricles. New small subdural hemorrhage layering along the left tentorium. Persistent subarachnoid hemorrhage along the left frontal and parietal cerebral sulci, sylvian fissure, and scattered in the basal cisterns. There is some gray-white matter differentiation loss as well as vasogenic subcortical edema within the lateral left orbitofrontal region and lateral left temporal lobe. Aside from the craniotomy defect in the ventricular drain burr hole, the cranium appears intact. Diffuse ethmoid air cell and sphenoid sinus mucosal thickening. The mastoid air cells and the maxillary sinuses are relatively clear. Impression: 1.Resolution of the subfalcine herniation and the left to right midline shift following decompressive craniectomy and left MCA aneurysm clipping. Persistent mild effacement of the basal cisterns 2.Decreased size of the large left temporal intraparenchymal hematoma. 3.There are a few small areas of gray-white matter differentiation loss subjacent to the craniectomy, in the lateral left orbitofrontal region and lateral left temporal lobe. 4.New small amount of intraventricular hemorrhage, likely reflecting redistribution of subarachnoid blood; small amount of subdural hemorrhage along the left tentorium.
