Findings: Mixed density extra-axial fluid collection over the left frontal parietal temporal convexities, with hypoattenuating fluid collection over the high frontal convexity. Mixed attenuation extra-axial fluid collection over the right frontal parietal temporal convexities. Extra-axial hemorrhage is also seen in the interhemispheric fissure. There are scattered areas of pneumocephalus, predominantly near the skull base. The extra-axial fluid collections result in effacement of the cerebral hemispheric sulci, asymmetrically greater on the right. Additionally, there is effacement of the basal cisterns. No midline shift. Nondisplaced fracture extending from the left occipital bone through the high right parietal and frontal bones, and into the right superior orbital wall and right sphenoid wing. Focal pneumocephalus in superior sagittal sinus. Additional displaced fracture of the right orbital roof (coronal image 208), with retrobulbar soft tissue density. Mucosal thickening of the ethmoid air cells which is nonspecific in the setting of patient intubation. Paranasal sinuses are otherwise clear. Mastoid air cells are clear. Large scalp hematoma. Right preseptal swelling. Impression: 1. Nondisplaced fracture extending from the left occipital bone through the high right parietal/frontal bones, with an underlying mixed density extra-axial fluid collection, likely mixed epidural hematoma and subdural hematoma. Additional mixed attenuation extra-axial fluid collection over the left frontal parietal temporal convexity, with hypoattenuating fluid collection over the anterior frontal convexity, concerning for hyperacute hemorrhage. There is diffuse cerebral swelling, asymmetrically greater on the right, which results in effacement of the basal cisterns. Findings are compatible with uncal and transtentorial herniation, and urgent neurosurgical consultation is recommended. 2. Superimposed subarachnoid hemorrhage over the bilateral cerebral convexities. Focal pneumocephalus in superior sagittal sinus. 3. Displaced fracture of the right orbital roof with a retrobulbar hematoma.